<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\jswmic3\Documents\DITAProject\topics\mmtmp?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/mmtmp/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="solution_components" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept) (topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:35">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Solution components</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;5:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:12">IBM StoredIQ provides three solution components: the gateway, data servers, and application stack
            (AppStack).</p>
        
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:2;9:12"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="b:1;9:15">Gateway</b></p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:3;10:12">The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The application stack
            polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers. The data servers push the
            information to the gateway.</p>
        
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:4;14:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="b:2;14:19">Data servers</b></p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:5;15:12">A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By indexing this data, you
            gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file data types, file owners.</p>
        
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:6;18:16">The data server pushes the information about volumes and indexes to the gateway so it can be
                communicated to the application stack. Multiple data servers feed into a single gateway.</p>
        
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:7;21:16">Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and DataServer - Distributed. A
            data server of the type DataServer - Classic uses the embedded PostgreSQL database for storing the
            index. With a data server of the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
            cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in search queries. They can manage
            much larger amounts of data than data servers of the type DataServer - Classic, thus making the IBM
            StoredIQ deployments more scalable.</p>
        
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:8;28:12">You can have both types of data servers in your IBM StoredIQ deployment.</p>
        
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:9;30:16">In addition to completing standard administrative tasks, administrators can deploy the IBM StoredIQ
            Desktop Data Collector and index desktops from the data server.</p>
        
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:10;33:12"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="b:3;33:15">Application stack</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:11;34:16">The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ Administrator, IBM StoredIQ
                Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager products.</p>
        
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:12;37:16">The synchronization feature for integration with a governance catalog is also part of the application
                stack.</p>
        
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:13;40:12"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="b:4;40:15">Elasticsearch cluster</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/solution_components.dita" xtrc="p:14;41:16">The Elasticsearch cluster attached to a data server of the type DataServer - Distributed provides a
            single data store for all metadata and content of harvested objects. Indexed data is distributed
            automatically across the nodes in the cluster. Indexing and queries are load-balanced across all
            nodes. Nodes can be added dynamically without downtime and the indexing process can use these
            newly added nodes without further setup.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>