<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\jswmic3\Documents\DITAProject\topics\temp\pdf-css-html5?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/temp/pdf-css-html5/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="environment_sizing_guidelines" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept) (topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:45">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">Environment sizing guidelines</title>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;5:14">
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:12">To size an environment precisely, you must understand the factors such as harvest
            frequency, complexity of the source, and use case scenarios that drive application use
            and action execution.</p>
        <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="p:2;9:12">The general design guidelines for IBM StoredIQ are as follows:</p>
        <ul class="- topic/ul " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="ul:1;10:13">
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:1;11:17">For data servers of the type DataServer - Classic: <ul class="- topic/ul " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="ul:2;11:72">
                    <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:2;12:25">One data server for up to 30 TBs of data (which can vary based on the number
                        of volumes, objects per volume, and object types).</li>
                    <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:3;14:25">Up to 500 volumes per data server.<p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="p:3;14:62">Tip: When you're sizing an environment
                            that includes Sharepoint data sources, keep in mind that volumes must be
                            defined at Sharepoint site collection level, not the Sharepoint server
                            level.</p></li>
                    <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:4;18:25">Up to 150 million objects per data server.</li>
                </ul></li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:5;20:17">One gateway per 50 data servers.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:6;21:17">One application server.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:7;22:17">NFS is slightly faster than CIFS for metadata only, but assume CIFS/NFS even for
                this exercise.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:8;24:17">Full-content processing of file (for example, .ZIP, .RAR, .GZ) and email archive
                (.PST, .NSF, .EMX) processing are slower as items must be extracted from the
                archives. If there is a significant number of these files in the file system and
                they are not excluded from content processing, the full-content processing rate can
                be too high. Until you have an initial index of the file system, you do not know how
                to weigh full-content processing of archives.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:9;30:17">An object/time metric is appropriate for metadata only NOT computing a hash, membership in the
                National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) or enumerating objects that are contained in
                archives. Converting it to a bytes/time metric is a function of the average object size and might vary
                tremendously. An average object size of 250 KB was used for the metric that is provided earlier.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:10;34:17">A bytes/time metric is appropriate for metadata-only computing a hash and full-content processing.
                The object per second rate can vary tremendously depending on the object type and sizes encountered.
                For example, processing an email or file archive is much more expensive than a PDF document.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:11;37:17">Metadata-only not computing a hash, membership in the NIST list, or enumerating objects that are
                contained in archives is requesting only the file-attribute information from the NAS. Individual files are
                not opened and read. The processing rate is high, but that does not translate into a large amount of data
                that traverses a network between the NAS and data server. The bytes/time rate does not translate into
                bytes served by the NAS and sent over the network.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:12;42:17">Metadata-only computing a hash, membership in the NIST list, or enumerating objects that are
                contained in archives opens and reads the contents of each file. The content of all requested files
                traverses the network between the NAS and data server. The maximum load that the data server can
                place on a NAS is metadata-only processing. It requires all file content to be read to compute a hash or
                enumerate objects that are contained in archives. The bytes/time rate translates into bytes served up
                by the NAS and network traffic that must be considered.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:13;48:17">Full-content processing opens and reads the contents of each file to extract all text. The content of all
                requested files traverses the network between the NAS and data server. The processing time to
                enumerate archives, extract text, index words, and extract entities on the data server reduces the rate
                that data is requested from a NAS compared to metadata-only with full hash. The bytes/time rate
                translates into bytes served up by the NAS and network traffic that must be considered.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:14;53:17">The interrogator process count on the data server for "metadata only not reading all content indexing" is
                set to eight for optimal performance.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:15;55:17">The interrogator process count for all other processing that involves reading all content default setting
                is four per data server.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:16;57:17">The interrogator count can be viewed as the number of client connections that are made to a data
                source actively requesting data. It is important for capacity planning for the data source.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:17;59:17">The data servers are assumed to be "network close" to the NAS data sources. Network latency under 10
                ms with at least 1000 Mbps bandwidth is assumed (connected through local area network). The data
                servers need a low latency high-bandwidth connection to a NAS data source for acceptable indexing
                performance.</li>
            <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/jswmic3/Documents/DITAProject/topics/environment_sizing_guidelines.dita" xtrc="li:18;63:17">The gateway and application stack can be located remotely from the data servers. Network connections
                with latency greater than 10 ms and bandwidth of at least 2+ Mbps are acceptable.</li>

        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>