<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dataserver___classic">
    <title>DataServer - Classic</title>
    <conbody>
        <p><ul>
            <li><p>vCPU: 4</p>
                <p>Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases performance, the actual benefits depend on
                    whether the specific host is oversubscribed or not.</p></li>
            <li><p>Memory: 16 GB</p>
                <p>While the minimum value works under light-load condition, as the load increases, the data server
                    quickly starts using swap space. For high load situations, increasing RAM beyond 16 GB can benefit
                    performance. Monitoring swap usage can provide insight.</p></li>
            <li><p>Storage:</p>
            <p><ul>
                <li><p>Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB</p>
                    <p>This virtual disk has an associated VMDK that contains the IBM StoredIQ operating code. Do not
                        change its size.</p>
                <p>
                    <hazardstatement>
                    <messagepanel>
                        <typeofhazard>Attention</typeofhazard>
                        <howtoavoid>If you delete the primary disk, you delete the operating system, and the IBM
                            StoredIQ software; the virtual machine might need to be scrapped.</howtoavoid>
                    </messagepanel>
                </hazardstatement></p></li>
                <li><p>Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB</p>
                    <p>This virtual disk can be resized according to expectations on the amount of harvest data to be
                        stored. For purposes of estimation, the index storage requirement for metadata is about 30 GB
                        per TB of managed source data. Full-text indexing requires an extra 170 GB per TB. Therefore,
                        the default data disk size is targeted for managing 10 TB of source information.</p></li>
                <li><p>Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB</p>
                    <p>When under load, the data server can use much RAM; therefore, having ample swap space is
                        prudent. The minimum swap size is equal to the amount of RAM configured for the virtual
                        machine. For best performance under load, place this disk on the highest speed data store
                        available to the host.</p></li>
                </ul></p></li>
        </ul></p>
        <p>The general size limits for a data server are 150 million objects or 500 defined volumes, whichever
            limit is reached first. Assuming an average object size of 200 KB equals about 30 TB of managed
            storage across 30 volumes of 5 million objects each, the index storage requirement for metadata on
            ~30 TB of storage that contains uncompressed general office documents is ~330 GB (11 GB per TB).
            Add 100 GB per TB of managed storage for full-text or snippet index. For example, to support 30 TB
            of storage that is indexed for metadata, you need 8 TB indexed for full-text search and extracted text
            (snippet cache) of 8 TB for auto-classification. A total of 1.9 TB of storage is required (metadata: 330
            GB, full-text: 800 GB, snippet cache: 800 GB).</p>
        <p>Data-server performance is impacted by the IOPS available from the storage subsystem. For each
            data server under maximum workload, at least 650 IOPS generally delivers acceptable performance.
            In the situations where there is a high load on the system, the IOPS that is used can reach up to 7000
            with main write operations.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
