<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="deploying_the_virtual_appliances">
    <title>Deploying the virtual appliances</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context><p>Use VMware vSphere Client to deploy the virtual appliances to an ESX server.
                Deploy OVAs for the gateway, the data server, and the application stack, preferably
                in this order. If an Elasticsearch cluster is also being deployed, those OVAs must
                be deployed first.</p>
            <p>Ensure that all prerequisites for the deployment described in the planning section
                are met and that the required software packages are available on your local system
                before you start this task.</p>
            <p>Download the latest version of IBM StoredIQ from either IBM Fix Central or IBM
                Passport Advantage®. For information about the package names and part numbers and
                the links to the proper download locations, see the <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/download-ibm-storediq-version-76019"
                    format="html" scope="external">download document</xref>.</p>
            <p>The number of Elasticsearch OVAs deployed depends on the planned size of your
                Elasticsearch cluster. The default setup is a three-node cluster. Each Elasticsearch
                node requires a separate OVA deployment.</p>
            <p>The number of data server OVAs deployed depends on the number of data servers needed.
                Each data server requires a separate OVA deployment.</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the ESX server or vCenter server.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open VMware vSphere Client.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>File &gt; Deploy OVF Template</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the <b>Deploy OVF Template</b> wizard, complete these steps.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Select source</b> page, click <b>Local file</b>, and then
                            browse to and select the appropriate OVF. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Review details</b> page, review the OVF template
                            details.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>These storage requirements are critical and will be used to select a
                            data store during deployment. Click <b>Next</b> to proceed.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Select name and folder</b> page, enter a name for the
                            deployed template or use the default name. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Select a resource</b> page, select the resource pool
                            where the deployed OVF template runs. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Select storage</b> page, select a data store on which to
                            store the deployed OVF template files. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Disk Format</b> list, select the disk format to be
                            deployed. Note that although <b>Thin Provision</b> saves disk space, it
                            can negatively affect performance. If possible, select <b>Thick
                                Provision Lazy Zeroed</b>. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Network Mapping</b>, map the network to the appropriate
                            network. Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <b>Ready to Complete</b> page, review the deployment
                            settings. Click <b>Finish</b> to complete the Deploy OVF Template.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>At this point, you can select the <b>Power on</b> check box to turn on
                            the VM after deployment is complete.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <info><b>Important:</b> If your IBM StoredIQ environment includes an Elasticsearch
                    cluster, do not select this option when you're deploying the data server OVA.
                    The Elasticsearch cluster setup must be complete before you run the data server
                    first-boot process.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each OVA.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <tasktroubleshooting><p>Configure the components of your IBM StoredIQ environment in this
                order:</p><ol>
                <li>Elasticsearch cluster (if applicable)</li>
                <li>Gateway</li>
                <li>One or more data servers</li>
                <li>Application stack</li>
            </ol></tasktroubleshooting>
    </taskbody>
</task>
