<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="glossary">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="dd3">
        <glossterm>Application stack</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ
            Administrator, IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ
            Policy Manager products.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dd6">
        <glossterm>Auto-classification</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A feature found in some content management systems (CMS) that will scan the
            contents of a document and automatically assign categories and keywords based on the
            document contents.</glossdef>
    </glossentry> 
    <glossentry id="dd7">
        <glossterm>Cartridges</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic. When you add a
            cartridge to IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing
            and make these new insights searchable.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dd8">
        <glossterm>Connector API SDK</glossterm>
        <glossdef> A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a
            data source such as a network file system and access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ
            Connector API SDK, developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data
            sources outside the IBM StoredIQ development environment.</glossdef>
    </glossentry> 
    <glossentry id="dd4">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Classic</glossterm>
        <glossdef> A data server of the type DataServer - Classic uses the embedded PostgreSQL
            database for storing the index.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dd5">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Distributed</glossterm>
        <glossdef> With a data server of the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in
            an Elasticsearch cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in
            search queries.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dd2">
        <glossterm>Data servers</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By
            indexing this data, you gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file
            data types, file owners.</glossdef>
    </glossentry> 
    <glossentry id="ddl">
        <glossterm>Gateway</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The
            application stack polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers.
            The data servers push the information to the gateway.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
     <glossentry id="dd9">
        <glossterm>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossterm>
        <glossdef>IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with easy access to all
            metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for full-text indexed volumes.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    
</glossgroup>
