<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="secure_communication_and_encryption_of_data_in_motion">
    <title>Secure communication and encryption of data in motion</title>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords conkeyref="IndexKey/it5"></keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>In a production environment, you should configure or install certificates on the AppStack
            to enable HTTPS communication and to enable encryption of data in motion between the
            browser and the AppStack. You can to this during installation and initial configuration
            or at any time afterward. For details, see <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/sites/default/files/inline-files/$FILE/IBMSIQDeploymentConfigGuide76019_1.pdf#page=41"
                format="pdf" scope="external">the instructions for configuring
            certificates</xref>.</p>
        <p>The gateway handles the communication between the data servers and the application stack.
            By default, the communication between the gateway, any data servers, and the AppStack is
            in plain text and is not encrypted. If your enterprise security policy mandates
            encryption of data in motion, enable secure gateway communication. In this case, secure
            gateway communication must be configured on all three IBM StoredIQ components. You can
            enable secure gateway communication during installation and initial configuration or at
            any time afterward. For details, see <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/sites/default/files/inline-files/$FILE/IBMSIQDeploymentConfigGuide76019_1.pdf#page=60"
                format="pdf" scope="external">“Managing the status of secure gateway communication”
                on page 54</xref>.</p>
        <p>IBM StoredIQ then uses stunnel to ensure secure communication between the components. If your
            environment includes data servers of the type DataServer - Distributed, stunnel can also be used to
            encrypt the communication between the nodes within the Elasticsearch cluster but not for encrypting the
            communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster.</p>
        <p>To secure the communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster and the
            communication within the Elasticsearch cluster likewise, you can enable Search Guard.
            For more information, see <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/sites/default/files/inline-files/$FILE/IBMSIQDeploymentConfigGuide76019_1.pdf#page=57"
                format="pdf" scope="external">“Securing Elasticsearch cluster communication with
                Search Guard” on page 51</xref>. If you don't want to do that but still want to
            restrict client access to port 9200 on the Elasticsearch nodes, you can set up the
            firewall accordingly. For more information, see <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/sites/default/files/inline-files/$FILE/IBMSIQDeploymentConfigGuide76019_1.pdf#page=58"
                format="pdf" scope="external">“Restricting access to port 9200 on Elasticsearch
                nodes” on page 52</xref>.</p>
        <p>If FIPS is not enabled, the following cipher suites and encryption algorithm are used for data at rest:</p>
        <p>TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</p>
        <p>TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</p>
        <p>You can configure these cipher suites in the configuration files listed in <xref
                href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/sites/default/files/inline-files/$FILE/IBMSIQDeploymentConfigGuide76019_1.pdf#page=47"
                format="pdf" scope="external">the list of key and certificate files</xref>. However,
            if you run the utilities for enabling stunnel, you might need to make the respective
            configuration changes again.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
